This is so good. How do you find the best places?
Well, I took you to the best. This is your vacation, right?
It's really good. Wait, this is so cute!
How about I take a photo of you?
I think this... I don't know. I like this star.
Here. Yeah, let's do it.
Okay. It's fine.
This is the best champagne I've ever had in my life.
I seriously need to think you're out.
Yeah, that said, eat, pray, and...
Oh, no. Oh, don't remind me. Did I actually see that?
Well, besides nearly throwing up on me, it was an unforgettable day.
Oh, I'm so sorry. No, I'm not here.
Hey! A little jerk just stole my bag.
Sit down, Jake. I got this.
See me, yo. It's not most of the rest of the day.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
I want it back now.
Who did you just call?
Friend? Now?
Learn some manners, kid.
You need to explain what on earth is going on here.
How did you get that little punk to come back?
Let's just say I have a fair agreement with the local street kids.
It helps me keep my clients safe.
The Ramirez Cartel involved in multiple murders.
Hey, this guy looks familiar.
The Martinez Cartel.
mobster Garcia recently released from prison.
These people weren't the party last night.
What is this place?
Hide out from cartel members.
I have to warn Dominic about this.
It seems you've seen the news.
What are you doing here?
You put these here?
Came in my room without permission.
I want you to know the truth.
The parts that Dominic may have never told you.
What is Dominic have to do with this?
He's not even in any of the pictures.
He's a good girl.
His full name is Dominic Juan Palmer.
And he's the heir to Ellie's largest Mexican Cartel family.
Dominic? A cartel boss?
Yeah.
Okay.
Dominic and I grew up together.
My parents died serving his family.
So I'm destined to be his wife.
I don't care what promises he made to you.
You will never marry him.
Wait, what the hell is going on here?
Dominic is just my escort.
You can't fool me.
I heard him telling Don Carlos that you are his girlfriend.
Yeah, girlfriend to a mobster?
No, thank you.
I knew it.
Dominic would never be interested in you.
You're so foolish to fall for his lies.
You're not smarter than me.
You fell for his lies too.
Like your mouth, bitch.
Once a man dropped it right where you're standing.
And I'm sure you don't want to be the next.
Do you?
Okay.
Let's uh, let's not complicate this.
I'm just a tourist.
I can think things.
And I will be out of here right today.
To see me.
I'm sorry, did you say grandfather?
Yeah, I've never met him before, so.
It doesn't matter.
He died three days ago.
And left behind a large inheritance.
What?
What inheritance?
Oh my god.
Hello?
Yeah, yeah, you said your name was Elise, right?
Hey, have you heard of the Palmer family, the Mexican cartel?
I just got done dealing with this nightmare, so I'm not a...
What?
The thief.
I made quite an impression on you, huh?
Listen, if this is about money, I can give you all I have.
You don't need...
Ah, nobody wants your money.
And you're the...
Is that Dominic Foreman?
Absolutely.
He told me himself, he really likes his girl.
He did?
When?
So, you don't speak Spanish?
So, when I return your bag, he said he really likes you.
Like, a lot.
What are you doing?
Your job is to kidnap her.
Not to be chatting with her.
Shut up, kid.
It's me, Marco.
I have you, pretty girl.
Say hello to your boyfriend.
Dominic?
Jade, are you all right?
Did they hurt you?
Do you look at that?
The liar cares if I'm okay.
Listen, Dominic.
No one's harmed her yet.
Whether she gets hurt, or that depends on you.
Where do you want Marco?
If you even lay a finger on her out.
I want you here, alone, within one hour.
And if not, I will kill your pretty girl.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, seriously?
I'm your hostage, so if you do that.
Shut up!
Listen, this is all just one big mistake, okay?
I'm just a tourist, and I'm just here on a fun little trip to LA.
Dominic tricked me into thinking that he was my escort.
And then he brings me to his family and introduces me as his girlfriend.
So, yeah, it really is just one big misunderstanding.
Dominic Palmer is an escort.
That is the funniest thing I've heard.
Now I see what Dominic really likes you, girl.
I am not just a girl.
I'm the mafia boss, Michael Morris, his granddaughter.
And I'm gonna make you pay.
Are you really Michael's granddaughter?
Oh, no.
That fear in your eyes lets me know that you have nothing from that old man.
Chick, where is your boyfriend?
I guess we need to send him a little reminder, don't we?
Why don't you tell your boyfriend if he can come over here,
and we can go ahead and chat it up.
Why don't you tell me yourself?
Dominic!
Get him!
Not so fast.
This little cutie will blow us all to pieces.
What the fuck?
Are you all right?
You weren't stupid enough to come here alone, were you?
I didn't have a choice.
You're a friend to kill you.
So your brilliant rescue plan is to come here, blow us all up, and hope we survive.
I'm saving you, Princess.
Will you acknowledge me with me, nice?
Lying to me about being a mobster, thank you.
I'm sorry we can talk about that later.
I've sent Miguel to gather my men.
I couldn't imagine that earlier.
Like people are all-
Hey, hey, you two stop flirting in front of me!
You fake you idiot!
You really think I'm stupid, Dominic?
Tommy, tie him up.
Tie him up!
That's what?
You're so weak now you gotta rely on a gun.
No, I prefer to be gentle with the ladies.
Now we're gonna see how much he actually cares about you.
Fuck you!
You're a lucky girl.
Most people don't get to meet my big guy now.
Or I'll shoot you first.
Gotta be kidding me!
Who the hell are you?
Another cartel?
I may have said this a lot today, but I'm not this guy's girlfriend
and I'm definitely not part of any cartel.
You will be, Jade.
Because I'll make sure you inherit your grandfather's mafia business.
What?
You-
Yes, Ms. Morris.
I'm Elise, we spoke on the phone.
Ms. Morris isn't even my name.
It is now.
Your grandfather left you his empire.
I'm here to make sure you inherit it.
Okay, can you please tell me what's going on here?
Jade Morris is the granddaughter of Michael Morris, the mafia boss, and his soul heir.
I don't know any mafia grandfather.
And one importantly, can we please untie me so that we can talk about this?
Don Michael may not have been involved in your life, but he kept your photos all this time.
So this is all real.
Don't fall for it, Jade. They can't be trusted.
You're the last person I should trust, Dominic Juan Palmer.
Your lies almost had me killed.
Jane, what do you want me to do with him?
I can make him pay for deceiving you once.
He may have lied, but he came as fast as he could to save me, so just let him go.
You heard the boss release him.
Sorry.
Your apology means nothing.
Don't ever show your face in front of Ms. Morris again.
Let's go.
So my grandfather's death wasn't an accident, but a planned assassination.
Our main suspect is Marco Sanchez, the guy who kidnapped you.
He used to work for Don Michael.
However, we cannot entirely rule out the Palmer family either.
Dominic's family?
No, that's impossible. There's no way.
I've met Carlos. I mean, they just don't seem like the type of people
that would commit such a dishonorable crime.
Signor, a true Mexican man always goes after the woman that he likes.
That's what you told me, Signor.
She'll never forgive me for lying.
But you can always go after her.
I mean, leave it up to God.
That's what we do with the cartel, isn't it?
Whatever you do, you better do it fast.
Don Carlos keeps asking me.
Why is your girl missing?
I have to go somewhere.
What did you want?
Jade, well, I guess I owe you a proper apology.
Like I said, you were the first one that came to rescue me, so we're even now.
Wait, wait. There's something else.
I want something back from you.
You're not about to say something cliche, like, you still have my heart, are you?
What's wrong with that?
You saw how I lost my mind over you.
If my dad knew I grabbed a bomb model and just walked on a Marcos turf,
I'm pretty sure he'd regret making me his air.
So reckless of you, what were you thinking?
I don't remember.
I heard your voice, my heart, son of Tremblay.
Jade, if you got hurt that day, I wouldn't be able to forgive myself.
Perfect timing, it is.
You really could use a drink.
How is it?
It worked the trip.
Speaking of the trip, do you remember the end?
Why are you asking?
Wow.
We've already done the first two things.
Time is it.
Who cares with you here?
I could stay like this forever.
I know, but I've got more important things to worry about, like, who murdered my grandfather.
Wait, Michael Morris was a murder?
Doesn't seem like it was a natural death.
Who's your suspect, Marco?
This would be his best move to take over the east.
Yeah, you're on the same page as us.
By the way, do you think you could teach me how to be a mom boss?
Elise kind of scares me a little.
She scares me too, but another round.
What about now?
Put these on.
Now you finish the first step of becoming a mafia boss.
Step one is putting on sunglasses.
You'll see.
Being a mafia boss isn't just about looks, it's about attitude.
The second step to becoming a mob boss is learning how to manage your people.
Okay.
Now let me ask you, Jay, what would you do if your people messed up?
Um, doctor salary.
Tough enough, Jay.
Okay, um, hmm, all right, all right, all right.
Slap them a little.
Does that, no, that's aggressive, isn't it?
Let's start small.
Slap him, party.
I'm sorry.
Let me go, are you okay?
That's how you do it, ma'am, according to the boss.
I'm really going to officially meet your parents today.
I'm still so nervous.
Don't be.
They already like you playing.
Hey boss, there's someone here who's seen his mourns,
and he's claiming to be her husband.
Brad?
What?
Damn it, jade scott, you're my wife.
How can you be messing around with another man?
Shame on you.
Go ahead, say it again.
Do not call me jade scott anymore.
I'm divorcing you.
Brad.
You can have your last name back.
Oh, and yeah, can have this back too.
Hey, I heard you inherited a massive empire in LA.